Gale fires storms coming an electric
storm to clean your streets and wash
away your trouble for every heart
there exists in the wish you ever play
the numbers mr. hallway hey ever take
risk
where every soul that burns the desire
RA is top always was smells to me like
we're gonna have visitors but never
whisper your dreams or someone might be
listening
and for every wish there will be a price
for every desire there will be a cost
ah
three o'clock
and call it the souls midnight
my name is mr. doc I advise you to
respect it
dad please be careful will Wow at these
boys I'm looking for perhaps you know
them
find on it fine both of them quite a
credit to this little town if you want
another truth I do want to know the
truth sir
now the truth is that you are lying
pricking of my thumb's Something Wicked
This Way Comes and the bells both loud
and deep God is not dead nor doth he
sleep where you come from the dust what
do you go to the grave yes we are the
hungry ones your torments callers like
dogs in the night and we do feed and
feed well tell me where the boys are
hiding
and I can make you young again Ray
Bradbury's fantasy tale of light to and
darkness is getting closer Something
Wicked This Way Comes